| **Stage** | **Buyer's Process** | **Business Task** | **Customer Discovery** |
|:----------|:--------------------|:------------------|:-----------------------|
| **Presented** | Heard about the tool in an event | Event Marketing and presentations (Agile open events, Code Camps, ...)| What captures your attention in an event? <br> What are you current looking for? <br> How do you trust on a recomendation? <br> Are you current needing this type of solution? <br>
<tr><td> <b>Suspect</b> </td><td> Search for Live Source on the Web </td><td> Web page reachable by easy keywords (Agile Developement Toolkit, Pair Programmimg Toolkit, Communication tool)</td><td> What keywords you will use? </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Reach</b> </td><td> Clicks on the search result <br> and decide to read the Tool's Home Page </td><td> Web page that introduces and links to the SaaS <br> Web page attractive and easy to understand </td><td> What capture your attention in the home page? <br> What do you want to see in the web page? <br> What will make you try the product? <br> Would you open a demo? a video? screenshots? Other users comments? </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Sign up</b> </td><td> Clicks on the Sign up button, fill out the information and send </td><td> Visibly Freeware product <br> Visible Sign up button <br> Easy to sign up with not a lot of sign up fields <br> Send only one confirmation and welcome email </td><td> What made you sign up? What you think when you are signing up for a new product? <br> What make you confortable on taking a signing up decision? <br> What do you expect after sign up? </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Try</b> </td><td> Create your own project on the system </td><td> Very easy to learn and start <br> Wizard to configure the buyer's project <br> Minimum steps as possible to start to try <br> Configuration Examples <br> Contact email for support</td><td> Is the wizard good? <br> What can be better on the wizard? <br> What do you think when configuring your project on the system? <br> Do you feel unsafe? </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Use</b> </td><td> Play around the system for the first time </td><td> Very easy to use <br> Clear Main features and easy to reach </td><td> What do you expect from the tool? <br> How do you think you will find this specific feature? <br> Is the system easy to use? <br> Where do you have problems? <br> What changes do you suggest? <br> What is missing? <br> What features did you use? <br> How usefull are them? <br> Why did you use those features? </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Come back</b> </td><td> After try, came back to use the system again </td><td> Very usefull features </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Use periodically</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Refer</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Add more users to the project</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Upgrade to Premium</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>