 = Costumer Interview - Alline Watkins - As working at TATA Consultancy Services 2005 = 



- What are working with right now?

What company? What job title? What Tools? What programming language? What does your software do? How many in your team?

{{{
An Intranet for an Airlines company in Brazil

As a Team Leader

Borland Together, Eclipse, Java

150 programmers
}}}


- What are the most important problems you are dealing at your work at the moment?

{{{ Short Schedule, Huge Scope, High Complexity }}}


- How do you document your software? If you do. if no, how do your users learn to use your software?

{{{ Use Cases come from the costumers already done and complex.
User manuals being made by the programmers as a MS Word Document. }}}


- Do you have current documentation requirements?

{{{ CMMI requirements? Contract requirements? End users requirements (manuals/helps)? Managements requirements?

All the CMMI Requirements, Project Plan, Use Cases, UML Design, User Manuals, MS Project Schedules
}}}


- How does the interaction between Stakeholders and Developers on your team happen?

is it problematic? how do requirements are communicated? how the developer team reports work?

{{{ The costumers are on site, they work together with the programmers. The communication is fast and efficient, but the software scope is way to big. }}}


- What do you think about the source code being opened to stakeholders in a way they can understand and comment it?

It is going to take a while for them to get used of it. No time available to change behaviors.


- What do you think about specification/documentation being generated from inside the Source Code?

In this project at this moment it will be a very big change of behavior.
Is going to be a lot of time to adapt to this new behavior and the project is already running out of time.
(But the project totally fails anyway at the end)
Self generated documentation will probably not solve the big scope problem.



- if stakeholders could send messages to the programmers inside the source code, in a very contextualized way?

would it save you money? would it help your development process? would it make it worst? Hurt?

For the stakeholders to stop to analyse the source code it will take time they need to write the Use Cases.



- Are you able to drive test our Software?

In a very small portion of the scope.


- Do you think you could refactoring your Source Code to take advantages out of it?

In a very very small portion of the scope.


- How much an automatic generated User Manual is worth for you?

Depends on how good it is going to be at the end.



- How much you think you could pay to use Code Sponge?

If it helps, a lot. 