
*1. What are you working with right now?*


What company? What job title? What Tools? What programming language?
What does your software do? How many in your team?



*2. What are the most challenging problems you are dealing with at your work at the moment?*



*3. What do you think about agile development?*



*4. How do you document your software? If you do.*

if not, how do your users learn to use your software?



*5. Do you currently have documentation requirements?*


CMMI requirements? Contract requirements? End users requirements
(manuals/helps)? Managements requirements?



*6. How does the interaction between Stakeholders and Developers on
your team take place?*


is it problematic? how are requirements communicated? how does the
developer team report their work?
 


*7. How does the interaction between the Developers on your team happen?*

is it problematic? how does knowledge get exchanged? how does one developer understand the code of the others?
 


*8. What do you think about documentation being generated from inside
the Source Code?*


*9. What if stakeholders could send messages to the programmers inside the source code?*

would it save you money? would it help your development process? would
it make it worst? Hurt?



*10.What if the developers can understand the code better from each other?*


is it an issue for your software right now? would it save you money?
would it help your development process?



*11. Are you able to test drive our Software?*



*12. Do you think you could do refactoring to your Source Code to take
advantages from it?*



*13. How much is an automatic generated User Manual worth to you?*



*14. How much do you think you could pay to use Code Sponge?*

