eu: hey!
08:32 
Daniel: hi
 
eu: did I tell you that I applyed to YCombinator?
 
Daniel: ys
  
did you get in?
 
eu: ok...
  
they will say on 31st
08:33 
Daniel: good luck
 
eu: but i dont know
  
...
  
we never know
  
:-)
 
Daniel: that's right
 
eu: the team is very good, but we just met
08:34 
Daniel: oh it's not livesource?
 
eu: they will not like it
  
it is
08:35 
Daniel: ok, so you have a time now
08:36 
eu: can i ask you some question
 
Daniel: sure
08:39 
eu: ok
  
i just want to know how are you developming software
  
you use your computer at home
  
right?
 
Daniel: yes
08:40 
eu: what tools do you use?
 
Daniel: titanium studio
 
eu: ok
  
what is that?
08:41 
i am looking at it
 
Daniel: http://www.appcelerator.com/products/titanium-studio/
 
eu: can you develop on your mobile?
 
Daniel: no
08:42 
eu: so you have to install this IDE on your PC?
08:43 
Daniel: yes
08:44 
eu: ok
  
but you can make apps for mobile
  
right?
 
Daniel: for mobile yes
  
on mobile no
 
eu: ok
  
good
08:45 
would you like to develop on your mobile?
  
or tablet?
  
or browser?
 
Daniel: not really
  
;(
  
;)
  
I don't see the point
 
eu: ok
  
so
  
you are always at home when you want to work
  
rigth?
08:47 
Daniel: not all times
  
but I have a laptop
 
eu: ok
  
do you prefer laptop or desktop?
08:48 
Daniel: desktop because of the bigger screen
 
eu: ok
  
that is very commom
  
does it happen that you need to make some changes in your code and you are not at home and you dont have your laptop?
08:49 
Daniel: yes, but it can wait
08:50 
eu: ok
08:51 
so just to do my statistics
  
from 1 to 5
  
how much wolud you like to develop using your browser?
08:52 
Daniel: 3
 
eu: that is not so bad
  
:-)
 
Daniel: it has benefits if it worked
  
I just have my doubts that it's possible
 
eu: how much would you like titanium to have a broswer/ mobile environment?
08:53 
1 to 5
 
Daniel: but if you showed me a browser-based experience that worked, I would like it
 
eu: ok
 
Daniel: 4
 
eu: I am trying hard
  
I want it for me
  
install and run eclipse it is a hell
08:54 
and I want to develop everywhere
  
:-)
  
just to finish
  
you develop php, right?
08:55 
Daniel: ye
 
eu: are you developing native app too?
 
Daniel: what is native?
  
mobile?
 
eu: android?
 
Daniel: no
 
eu: ok
08:56 
your app was develop in php for mobile browser right?
 
Daniel: no
  
well
 
eu: ?
 
Daniel: what app?
 
eu: how was it?
  
flaretag mobile app
  
you showed me
  
it was cool
 
Daniel: I don't have a mobile app
  
it's a mobile website
  
usint PHP yes
 
eu: but was in the mobile browser
  
yes
08:57 
ok
  
exactly
  
was good
  
so just to make sure
  
you make changes on your source code
  
and them you test it lovally
  
locally
  
rigth?
 
Daniel: mos times ;)
08:58 
eu: and them you update your source code on that cloud
  
phofog
  
you dont need to compile anything
  
right?
 
Daniel: nope
 
eu: it runs straight on the source files, right?
  
you dont have any precompiled classes?
08:59 
all php script files?
 
Daniel: nothing like that in php
 
eu: do you have outside of php?
 
Daniel: no
 
eu: ok
  
so just to confirm
09:00 
you update your source code on the phpfog git repository
  
and the changes go straight to the end users
  
right?
  
that is so much easier than java :-)
 
Daniel: yes
09:01 
eu: ok!
  
that is all
  
:-)
  
such a good customer you are
09:02 
:-)
 
Daniel: really?
  
I feel that I don't have time for much
 
eu: so easy to obtain answers
  
not really
  
you are my basement
  
:-D
09:03 
Daniel: basement? that sounds dark and wet
 
eu: :-)
  
solid and concrete
09:04 
Daniel: that too
6 minutos
09:11 
eu: Can I make you just some more few questions?
  
:-)
 
Daniel: sure
 
eu: I know it is annoying
  
but helps me so much
  
with livesource you already can edit your source code on the remote repository
  
but the editor is simple
09:12 
so tell me how is the file editor of your titanium
  
wy do you like this tool
  
why
09:14 
Daniel: the things I like about
  
- autocorrection and inline help
09:15 
- color coding
  
- integration with GIT
  
- search
  
that woudl probably be it
 
eu: what search?
09:16 
Daniel: searching for functions, variables, etc in the whole project
 
eu: hum
  
very good
  
so livesource has color coding for php and integration with git
  
but not autocorrection and inline help
09:17 
which I agree is indispensable too
  
and I am almost finishing the search,
09:18 
but for me, I never use search, just the links inside the code
  
to jump from function to fuction
09:19 
so again
  
from 1 to 5
  
how valuable is a tool that doesnt have the autocorrection and inline help yet?
09:20 
Daniel: ok so that's a bit more complex question
  
because
  
I'm already used to Titanium, if the new tools doesn't have any new major benefits
  
then why change?
09:21 
eu: sure
 
Daniel: of all the features I mentioned autocorrection is probably the least important
 
eu: interesting
 
Daniel: but to switch I would need the new tool to offer more, not less ;)
  
and "more" could be in other areas
 
eu: what areas?
09:22 
Daniel: I don't know
  
I'm just saying
 
eu: ok
 
Daniel: if you tell me my tool doesn't have autocorrection but it finds you a programmer when you need it
  
then I'll use it
  
of course that's an exageration
 
eu: very interesting
 
Daniel: but you get the point
 
eu: totally agree
  
and the social network is key
  
I know that
09:23 
but your code needs to be easy to understand first
 
Daniel: at this point the "browser-based" environment is not strong enough
  
reason to swtich
  
because I haven't had the problem where I need to change something and I can't wait to get to my own laptop or desktop
09:24 
eu: totally agree
  
I was not thinking about to change environments
  
but to complement
  
I will think more about it
09:26 
I'd love to make an in person test with you when you have a time
09:27 
I just want to undestand a little bit more how you think while you are working
10 minutos
09:37 
Daniel: we can meet next week
09:38 
eu: ok! great!
  
thanks so much daniel!
  
I will meet with the pie trust team also
  
and also
  
I am planning an event with Ray
  
from that San Diego entrepeneur center
09:39 
"The Customer Development Day"
  
a saturday that you will have a lot of real users available to test your software/idea
  
what do you think?
09:40 
we will put a lot of startup together to play around with their products
  
and interview people
 
Daniel: that sounds great
09:41 
eu: i think so
  
i want it
  
:-)
  
so let me know next week when is the best time for you ok?
  
should be very wuick
  
quick
  
I only have one feature to test with you
09:43 
Daniel: do you have 8 minutes for a little favor?
 
eu: sure
  
i was supposed to have a phone interview now
 
Daniel: I passed to the next session of the Founder Showacase
 
eu: but they didnt call me :-(
  
WOW!!!!
  
AWESOME!!!
09:44 
are you going to SF?
 
Daniel: now I need to submit another video pitch for Adeo to see
 
eu: cool
 
Daniel: my question is whether I submit the one I already had for the voting
  
which was very close to his requirements
  
or a new one that I did yesterday