Write your life story in four paragraphs with each paragraph describing one of the following: (1) early childhood, (2) schooling, (3) professional career, and (4) entrepreneurship.



= EarlyChildhood = 

My earlyChildhood was in Brasilia, a calm and wealthy city, Capital of Brazil. My family wasn't very structured, my parents used to fight a lot and they end up in a divorce after 25 years. I had a very strong, restrictive and machist father, what made me a introspective and a shy kid at home. But I had a good and amable mother. I always had a lot of friends in my childhood and most of them are still very close to me and very big friends. I used to play a lot as a kid, including that I have different business in my neighborhood, and I used to sell a lot of kids artifacts that I made.


= Schooling = 

I had a very good education in Brasilia, studying in the bests middle and high school of my city. Started a Computer Science college at University of Brasilia when I was 16 with the second best score of my class. I definitely didn't appreciate the old style school systems that I had, what gave me a serious depressive disease until I was 25. After a lot of psyquiatric treatments, I got healthy after all.


= Professional Carrer = 

I used to work and make my money since I was 14. I was introduced to computer science in High School and fall in love with it. Always had internships during college and build a very strong and experienced carrier after that. Worked in a lot of different small, big and international companies at different cities in Brasil and outside of Brasil, not being satisfied as an employee in none of them. Went trhough all the diferent kinds of roles in my carrer as a programmer, as programmer leader, as a project manager, as a company director and as a president of my own software company that I had for 6 years.


= Entrepreneurship = 

I am still trying to find my role as an Entrepreneur. Being a CEO of my own company I didn't find myself happy. My current try will be being a CTO of a company. Ten years ago I built a sucessfull non-profit Entrepreneurs Association in Brasilia, called AssEmpre, that it is still there today helping and connecting a lot of new and experienced Entrepreneurs in my city.