 = Costumer Interview - Alline Watkins - As working at UCSD 2009 = 
CostumerInterview_AllineWatkins_TATAConsultancyServices


- What are working with right now?

What company? What job title? What Tools? What programming language? What does your software do? How many in your team?

{{{
A Web Application for USCD Physical Activity Department

As Java Programmer

GWT, Eclipse, Java

3 programmers
}}}


- What are the most important problems you are dealing at your work at the moment?

{{{ 
Very bad communication, constant but not efficient. 
}}}


- How do you document your software? If you do. if no, how do your users learn to use your software?

{{{ 
No Documentation, only some architecture diagrams . 
Right now , it is a prototype and the few users are tester that use with the programmers to guide them.
}}}


- Do you have current documentation requirements?

{{{ 
No.
}}}


- How does the interaction between Stakeholders and Developers on your team happen?

is it problematic? how do requirements are communicated? how the developer team reports work?

{{{ 
Weekly meetings that are very superficial on the technical situation of the software.
The developers report whatever they want at the meetings and the stakeholders just trust on the development team.

(After two years of development, the stakeholders started to not trust anymore on the development team, because not enough running software was delivered satisfactory)
 }}}


- What do you think about the source code being opened to stakeholders in a way they can understand and comment it?

{{{
It will help the communication between the team .
}}}

- What do you think about specification/documentation being generated from inside the Source Code?

{{{
Not a bad idea if the tool is free and if the documentation generated are not bad.
}}}


- if stakeholders could send messages to the programmers inside the source code, in a very contextualized way?

would it save you money? would it help your development process? would it make it worst? Hurt?

{{{
We have a very close connection with the stakeholders. The tool will not add better communication. But the tool will not hurt anybody also.

The tool can help much more with the communication between the programmers.
So one programmer can understand better the code of the others.
}}}


- Are you able to drive test our Software?

{{{
No room to test drive products in this project.
}}}

- Do you think you could refactoring your Source Code to take advantages out of it?

{{{
In a very very small portion of the scope.
}}}

- How much an automatic generated User Manual is worth for you?

{{{
Depends on how good it is going to be at the end.
}}}


- How much you think you could pay to use Code Sponge?
{{{
If it helps, a lot. 
}}}