= Software Product Owners =
(Software Startup's CEOs, Tech Entrepreneurs,...)

Thoughts: Big market size



= Project Managers = 
(PMOs, Tech Leaders, IT Managers, ...)

Thoughts: Small market size, old management era is over, this area tends to die in the next few years)


= Agilistas = 
(Agile people, Scrum people, Lean Adopters, any other next new development wave adopters)

Thoughts: small market size today, ok market size in the next years.


= Developers = 

Thoughts: ok market size, very exigent customers, need to be a genius to satisfy this customers.


<hl>
---- 

= Product Owners Agile Toolkit =

name: TECH Easy
A web-based tool to help software Product Owners with a better and more precise Team Communication. Also helps the Product Owner with the techinical skills necessary to communicate requirements and bugs to the development team.
keywords:  Agile Toolkit, Product Owner, bug report tool, change requirement tool.


= Agilists and Project Managers Toolkit =

name: AGILE Easy
Learn, adapt yourself and leverage your agile skills while practicing it. A web-based Toolkit that follows an Agile person on their day-to-day meetings, plannings, reports, communications, etc.
keywords: Agile learning tool, Agile planning tool, Agile communication tool


= Easy Specification and Knowledge Sharing  for Programmers =

name: LIVE Source
A web-based Agile Toolkit that makes easier for programmers to specify and to share the technology and the knowledge of their softwares. 
keywords: Agile Development, technical knowledge sharing, software specificiation